0.  Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis refers to the lung disease known as silcosis. It is the longest word in the English dictionary. It is believed to have been created in the 1930s by the head of the National Puzzlers' League Everett M. Smith.
1.  The getrusage function returns an int describing the resources used by a given process.
2.  The struct rusage contains 16 members, two timeval structs and 14 longs.
3.  The before and after objects are store a large amount of information, so it is faster to pass a reference to the objects rather than copying them.
4.  The for loop stores the next character as c, continues as long as the character is not the EOF character, and gets the next character from the stream on the next iteration of the loop. Next there are three possible cases. If the character is a ltter or it is an apostropie and not the first letter in the word it is added to the word array. If the current place in the word array is too long then it reads until the end of the word, because it can't possibly be a valid word. If that conditional is false and the word is a digit it reads to the end of that "word" and resets for a new word. The only other "else if" case is if it is the end of a vaid word when the current index is more than 0. If so the word is terminated with a null character and the "words" variable is incrimented. The spelling is then checked and the time it took to check is recoreded. If the word is miss spelled it is printed and the number of misspellings are incrimented.
5.  The fscanf function should not be used when reading from the text file passed. fscanf tokenizes the words using the specifier passed, which would most likely be %s. When reading the dictionary this is fine because all the words are seperated by a new line (\n). In the text file(s) however, words can end with punctuation such as a period or other non-standard characters that if not ignored could lead to a seg fault if the program didn't support those values.
6.  In the check and load functions a pointer to the object is passed. They are marked as const because since direct access is given it is the only way to ensure my program doesn't accidently modify them which could be a disaster.
7.  Each trie_node contains a char, bool, and a pointer. The char will be the letter stored in that node. Initally it is NULL. The The bool stores wether this node is the end of a word or not, and the pointer points to the next trie_node.
8.  Initially it took about 0.21s in total when loading the large dictionary and checking ./texts/austinpowers.txt.
9.  After lowering the amount of chars being read from 1024 to 128, the time went down to 0.17s at best.
10. Yes. Each "array" of trie nodes, so to speak, is 27 elements in size, 26 for letters a-z and one for the apostrophie. In the the unload and load function more memory must be used than is actually needed which takes longer to allocate/deallocate. If I were to use less memory and make a type of linked list the memory usage would be less, but I would give up instant access. In large data sets with many elements the memory usage difference is less noticeable, but in the case of small lists it is more so.
